# NGO-webpage
Both coming from developing countries, we know how most medical practices in African countries faces extreme limited resources, language barriers and presentation of severe illnesses at later stages than seen elsewhere.  Our idea comes from the heart. Both of our families were raised in West Africa so it is only right that we try to create a software that will improve the communication and knowledge of doctors and nurses in that region of Africa. Physicians are sorely needed in rural areas, but there are few because of the working conditions and financial limitations. Hospital wards and clinics are crowded; time per patient is limited. Healthcare in African countries are mostly centered in the largest cities, ignoring smaller towns and villages where most of the population lives.  During brainstorming, we realize the need to get more physicians and medical facilities to the smaller towns and villages.
Our software will focus on keeping patient records, access to doctors from across the world, and offer simple courses that will increase the knowledge of awareness. The software will be pushed through a non-profit organization website that will be created by us. The non-profit will help recruit doctors who will mentor the nurses and doctors. The software would allow them to video chat and instant message. Once new illnesses and new medicine are discovered, the software will give them a notification about the new illness/medicine and the medical staff will be tested on their knowledge. Testing their knowledge will further assist them on diagnosing their patients correctly. Additional, we will like to use the website as a place to offer volunteer opportunities for physicians and other medical staffs abroad who will like to take trips to remote areas in Africa to provide medical assistances. Included in the software will be an alert system that alerts medical personnel of locations that need medical assistant.  Trips will be organized, where we will bring together medical staffs to these remote areas.
The two of us will research codes, figure out software to develop site, creating layout and design. 
